{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14640\viewh15520\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Blender for Mac OS X \
\

\fs28 Why does Blender open with a small window? \
\

\f1\b0\fs24 This is to make sure it runs smoothly at all hardware configurations. Also read the next FAQ item. \
For a larger window, just drag the bottom-right corner, or use the '+' icon in the window header. \
\

\f0\b\fs28 How can I get Blender running (faster)? \
\

\f1\b0\fs24 OSX Aqua uses OpenGL extensively for drawing, so it might happen your 3d card doesn't have sufficient memory to draw accellerated with a larger window size. On older Macs (laptops) there's even not sufficient graphics memory for it. Minimum is 8 Mb.\
A solution that works well, is switching to less screen colors: set the menu in "System Preferences ->  Displays -> colors" at "thousands of colors". \
Also make sure no OSX desktop elements are drawn in top of the Blender window.\

\f0\b\fs36 \

\fs28 How do I use Blender with a one button mouse? \
\

\f1\b0\fs24 Blender is programmed to be used with a 3 button mouse. When you are using the standard 1 button Apple mouse this functionality can be accessed by keeping keyboard keys pressed while pressing the mouse button. \
\
With the left mouse button you can activate on screen menus and buttons, resize sub-windows and set the 3D view cursor. In the Mac version this is the default behaviour when you press the mouse button. \
With the middle mouse button you can move, rotate and zoom the 3D view or other views. Keep the Alt key pressed in combination with the Shift and Ctrl keys to get this behaviour when you press the mouse button. \
With the right mouse button you can select 3D objects. Keep the Apple (aka Command) key on your keyboard pressed when pressing the mouse button. \
\

\f0\b\fs28 How do I configure my 3 button mouse? \
\

\f1\b0\fs24 If you have a three button mouse, or a mousewheel as 3rd button, you might have configured the 3rd button to another action like "double click". Blender can only detect the middle-mouse button if you configure your mouse device correctly. \
Check the "Other" catagory in "System Preferences". For a Logitech mouse, you can assign it "Advanced Click" and with Device Button Number "3". \
\

\f0\b\fs28 What is different between the Mac OS X version of Blender and other versions? \
\

\f1\b0\fs24 The Mac OS X version has different cursor shapes, but further the software is 100% identical across all platforms.\
If you want to render an image with Blender on other platforms you would normaly press the F12 key. On some machines this ejects the CD from your CDROM ;-). To render the current image with Blender on Mac OS X press Ctrl-F12 or Alt-F12. \
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 Why doesn't Blender use Aqua? \
\

\f1\b0\fs24 Blender runs at many different platforms, and all versions are utilizing OpenGL to draw the entire interface. This keeps the program portable, and makes it easier to maintain. \
This is the reason why the look and feel of Blender is quite different from standard Aqua applications. Attempts to integrate Blender better with the OSX desktop are being in process. However, for the short term we don't expect a full Aqua version of Blender. \
\
\
}